okay everybody don't tell Dan this video
suppose every Skillshare just don't tell
him okay just so talented I'm right here
all right
school shares an online learning
community with thousands of classes for
creative and curious people if he knows
if he knows the world comes to an end
there won't be any engine the horrid
torment of that he'll be able to inflict
on the world what he'll learn too much
he'll know too much he needs to practice
self-care all the time so creativity is
an option that he can use skill share
fondling classes he's talking about man
you can you can you can do something at
some productivity to your boredom today
orange print please don't tell Dan that
the first 1000 of our subscribers to use
the link in the description will get a
two-month free trial to Skillshare two
months free don't tell him please don't
tell him there's some great classes
there's some great classes online like
everyday minimalism find calm and
creativity and living simply by Erin
Boyle if dad knows about that who knows
what he'll be capable of they could also
learn iPhone filmmaking creating
cinematic video with your phone but
Caleb Babcock and Myles gray for a
moment who oh my goodness that sounds
fun no dad welcome to Shrek super party
yeah I am Daniel and I'm Erin you we
don't know what this game is have you
played this Shrek super party oh wait
what's happening it's uh oh that's just
a demo it's one of these oh you know oh
my god
all right let's do it it's like weirdly
zoomed in for some reason are we just
riding around to get him I don't know
yeah oh [__] oh that's it really
just get in the bugs Wow alright blue
well if this is all that it is then I'm
gonna be the best damn bug catcher that
ever was come over here just set that
[__] right into me did I wait why do I
have zero
I caught a bunch of bugs what the [__]
maybe you have 60 yeah you have zero
what the [__] am I crazy what why did I
get no points for that what is happening
you got to drop the ball duh okay
oh okay
red thing oh that's eight that was an
eight sure I am zero swinger color bug
around the flower to point at any petal
of B lands on then press X the fest you
get there more points here I do not
understand anything
oh I don't think just gonna say why did
you whoa whoa I'm swinging okay
earn points by bumping harder than you
were bumped pick up the gems for bonus
points okay we won't tell you the
controls or anything you just bump it
this isn't being played in fast motion
no no this isn't how the game is a game
what the [__] this is not this sucks
what is that so I'm gonna go to one is
that points yeah it's the drops from the
end of this oh that's good precious job
position oh good good goodness oh my god
oh my god this is so ridiculous that 180
our line like way more my hello that
one's like the other like he just found
out his son died he'll get more person
if you get some precious joy could you
maybe bring up the the attitude or
something my son Justin nice alright
maybe we'll get it another day earn
points for not being dunked I'll always
miss you Clarence it could always be you
looks like you could get some precious
tree let's see what the next minigame is
it's for not being dunked dry very get
the ferry you got the ferry that good I
don't know okay just the only special
one for what
take this pixie dust and sprinkle it on
your nuts what do I do with it
it reduces chafing tell me what to do
with it I'll never tell
cheese man do you want to +5 yeah you
want to blush 5 boodles chose you here
you [__] dude okay top though you
took the +5 he talked about at night
what the [__] are you doing yes yes yeah
yeah
some kid you can just apply bugs oh yeah
we'll get place for you what is
happening right now I'm just really
enjoying my daddy told me that if we
grow big and strong and I will beat up
Randy
my daddy light me [__] feelings
I've got sufferings three of them are
Billy why hello there skin grafts
it's Gingras all right there's not gonna
be enough time that's why what
what's happening I need to recover from
you need to recover from what you're out
of your mind right now you killed me or
there will be hell to pay
slide your wiener across my lips Peggy
does [__] you [__]
[Music]
I don't I'm not I don't want it I don't
want to stop why are we doing so well
because I don't know how to play this
[__] I don't know what even what you're
supposed to do if I'm being on right
yeah I'm not I think I'm just supposed
to catch the onions and then fling them
fling them back oh my god mark what's
winning for us Jesus know incredible
farc what star can't catch any of his
things
dude that he's perfect his technique is
unbelievable 27 o Lord Farquaad you son
of a [__] oh my god oh I can't believe
it
Wow that's it huh that's all the Parsons
all there is its effect for one there's
no like look at him on the pedestal of
Mr Man 1 what a good boy enable crystal
Kingdom helper mode boy this is fun for
kids hold on I got a look at the [__]
let me check the software manual for
details hold on where the hell is it
crystal Kingdom Helper option even great
explorers need a helping hand that's why
the crystal Kingdom Helper option allows
a grown-up or older sibling to use a
second controller from time to time to
assist the little Explorer playing the
game yeah actually put me in charge of
any time during a completion game see
page 15 hold on cross for completion
game you will need to perform an action
with the analog sticks to fill a
completion meter meter in the upper
right hand corner of the screen once it
is full you have completed that part of
the adventure and can continue okay a
second player can help out by performing
the same action on his or her controller
as increasing the speed at which the
completion meter fills zero of this is
required just hit No
oh my god this is Benji the heart is
broke
[Music]
existence is bleeding from God Jesus
that's [__] scary yeah all the plants
were dying which means the food chain
will break down and all the animals will
die the new ice age is coming from the
sky yep I press it and then I wrote you
get past the tutorial in this game is
basically Dark Souls for you've died
[Laughter]
[Music]
which one of these items could be used
to fend off a crazy person if you picked
all of them you're right I don't know
what game this is
it's another Dora the Explorer oh god
are you [__] zero what are you trying
to do to me look you wouldn't want to
picked it I didn't think we'd play them
back to back then yeah why not kind of
thought it was an either/or situation is
this going to be exactly the same game
snowy adventure dude okay god it's the
same it's the same same game [__]
game
they rescanned it oh no it's the only
difference so no just like to get out of
the blacksmith the president says that
when Mexico sends us their people
they're not sending their best bet not
me making it up that's an actual thing
that the president said do you agree
with the president
oh boy if you don't we'll report you
nice so I saw someone holding up a note
I sign the other day but it said noise
I'm like Hulk Hogan where my pelvis is
basically disintegrated [__] 30 years
of leg drops a good [__] brother too
much sushi
gasps ooh she has seen better days
Oh God look at his face the fact that
they even give you like real footage of
woody next to it just to show you how
[__] up is character model yeah this
is not right
his eyes looking in slightly different
directions oh yes
and so we're his oh boy and Jim is that
Jungle Book kid that's Tarzan huh as a
kid
it's tantor remember nope it's Ryan
class that's all right that's a young
lady Andy's room let's start with what
you know it's gonna be real pressing
without any music yes it is oh yeah that
heard was that Tim Ellen yeah no no no
that is definitely not it sounds like
you've recorded on like one of those
Dynex mics that cost $10 and you get
them at Walgreens can I kick and I like
that kick to go first I'm Tim Allen
[Laughter]
Thank You Man [__] to keep watching the
skies pretty freakin nice thanks man oh
no she's walking on her own oh really
and then I have to command her to stop
oh no Arby's stopped now Barbie go watch
out for the demons like wow they do a
lot of editing yeah yeah that's gonna be
a hard turn turn you stup
bastard yeah the [__] motion controls
are good this is a [__] disaster
right luckily you have ten minutes to
get to the cup urn turn you [__] ass
[Music]
there you go there you go okay there you
go yes yeah stop doing that
stop it no oh my god this is the
awfulest that has ever been oh okay
trying to play this game of the power
glove stop why do you not turn you
stupid horse sounded like Tommy weighs
over a second it's Bob why not turn you
have successfully completed the
challenge
gratulations why have you not turned I
wants hearts to turn your horse could
look better he has a hankering for human
flesh why don't you feed him some you
got some right here yeah that's what all
horse trainers do that's what a horse I
don't want to give them a [__]
blanket where do I give it water where's
the water you sound like the world's
worst soup kitchen manager you look like
you're covered in [__] the Creed have
like one of those Czechoslovakian orgies
it's called a harem I see you have a
similar pornhub search to me ooh what's
over here one dick 45 chicks the best
please that won't cause any awkward
masturbation moments where you're about
to jazz and it cuts to the dick real
fast and then you gotta be like
[Laughter]
[Music]
wait is this like at the end did I just
like dude the game yeah you just beat
the game and it's just like well now
just do it oh you ran into Kyle ah human
here no I'm trying trying it read your
mind dude you wanna do try no I'm
serious get shot what does one you'd
figure it out so far so good
you're doing it yes
yeah no it's yeah totally you're doing
it I'm doing it oh you're doing and this
is a [__] breeze
dude shut up it's hard this gives me an
opportunity to take a sip of water
though Oh looks like you ran into a wall
I didn't do that only because I only
because I mistook where I was supposed
to go I thought it was going the same
place that's not sure this is the same
place as last time you're right we're
talking about Lord of the Rings yeah now
I remember
yeah all right yeah not gonna lie
yeah the easiest game in the world no
well yeah once you get on this trail
it's easy when you gotta make those
sharp turns it's [__] it did wigs out
on you when you're running into human
beings and haven't left the stable yet
it's hard as [__] I'm [__] serious
when you make those sharp turns wigs out
dude oh not faster you didn't beat my
time you ass that's because you were
dilly-dallying oh god this looks
terrible welcome to kids sports crazy
golf it really looks like they were
trying to hide the kids yeah like are
you ready of putting off 12 crazy kids
holes no that's not right I'm sorry I'm
just looking at the cover though yeah I
mixed up the words in the worst way
possible all right welcome
dohno Oh God
that's quite a huh oh that's a hacking
honker that's a beak Oh [__] Skyward
Sword NPC right now my god yeah like
he's gonna sell you potions or something
you can't go out without the wooden
shield Oh God
for school you look like a gnome that
would come in and beat the [__] I mean
steal my underwear hello my name is Jake
I'm 10 I miss my family so much hmm I
ran away from home to join the circus
still haven't joined it program that end
yeah come on I don't get it no nope not
that much no I'm very gentle much oh
[__] off there yeah it's really hard is
this the only song on the soundtrack you
better hope so oh [__] oh my god I just
realized when someone says I love you to
death
it means I'll love you until you die I
know I never put that together I thought
it meant like I love you so much that
you'll [__] die from it oh I love you
to death
you know exact cut Wow I don't know why
I thought that my whole life
why you thought it right now yeah well
someone just said it to me oh because
who was it
Joe birthday to say is like just say
happy birthday it's like a birthday text
that is that acceptable to you
no I'm the only one who can love no you
you control it what are you because you
put in the Oh for [__] sake Nick
return to the main menu we read doing
this game because Aaron couldn't wait
and he had to touch talking about the
best friend that you love to death more
than me I remembered I remember all
kinds of little things about you what
the [__] they can remember that one time
that I was like Hayden and you were like
yeah and I was like cool man and then
was that was that ugly and then we
didn't talk for five days that was
awesome
you remember when you came over to my
house and you were like this smells like
[__] and I was like oh sorry do you
remember that yeah it's been like 50
times
Oh smells bad it's just smell bad my
legs I got two toes
oh yeah do that
snap the candy canes your string so
alright oh God oh there it is there it
is stupid come on the [__]
stupid
hi 13 wishes Wow I'd like to use all my
wishes I wish I wish number one I want a
third toe
I wish number two I want that third Joe
to have its own toes oh my god what am I
gonna do with emissions all my wishes
have come true all right number three I
wish I had a bathing suit that fit me
and didn't fall off when I jumped in the
pool hmm wish number 14 busy for all my
mini toes all right I wish I didn't wish
for the toe thing do you know about mr.
brown iced coffee what so Corp
introduced me to this it's called mr.
brown iced coffee and someone brought it
it's not available in America but
someone brought it to the tore up show
last night and I saved it because I
wanted you to taste it on the air it's
the absolute worst I hate coffee already
do you do like cigarettes no do you
think you might like something that
tastes kind of like coffee but also
definitely like cigarettes
okay mr. brown iced coffee it's ready to
drink made in Taiwan the top three
ingredients are I'm sorry
cigarettes water sugar and powder what
yeah is that true
yeah well milk powder yeah Coffee sodium
bicarbonate that's what they make like
tums out I know I know
no no you're thinking of yourself
calcium carbonate yeah yeah a mole
sapphire emulsifier yeah contains milk
and soy Oh enjoy it better watch out I'm
gonna turn into a brutal moe
ready yeah I'm smelling it
okay for anyone at home
it tastes like well you you sip it first
wow that's not as bad as I thought it
would be did you get the cigarette
aftertaste yet yep oh no no no it's like
just kind of bland at the beginning yeah
oh that's like smoke in my mouth yeah I
know it's weirdly addictive yeah it's
like whatever and then I know you get
hit with a burning sensation aftertaste
and then you have to sip again to get
the after taste out of your mouth that's
how they get you yeah that is how they
get you it tastes like social media all
everything about it sucks but it gets
you for everyone for anyone who is old
enough to remember cars used to have
like those little silver flip ashtrays
that would come out of the side door did
you drink one of those no but that
tastes like if you poured coffee into
one of those and sipped it out with a
straw
yikes mr. Brown try it won't you it
sucks do you want me to do me to call
your parents did they forget to put the
game in it feels a little bit like that
right like they were look at this 3d
environment we've got for our character
to walk around it feels like we're
missing something but [__] it ship it
we've got a vertical slice ready for you
to just to walk around the world in you
know we don't have any objectives or
anything but like just Eve you feel yeah
so feel oh wait 13 that's that's how
many wishes you need No can you get in
there nope why not dude anything about
this check your inventory do I have one
I don't know I have a resume game okay
cool Franky skullet what if Frankie's
going the hell are you talking about
Frankie's good tam old Oh what the [__]
you talking about quickly tam old
colectomy ership enemies where the hell
are their enemies finished in ten
minutes
all right am I am I going insane yeah
[__] even yeah I can't I can't I can't
what is this I can what now it's a thing
oh you can do it you get in there nope
not working really nope not doing
anything oh boy nope definitely not
doing anything and pressing the a button
would you please just get Franky skillet
already I'm trying what is what this
door I guess okay a balcony that does
nothing is this a prime feeling we're
getting trolled let's go to the pool
maybe maybe what's just do so thanks for
operating into existence he doesn't
respond anywhere hello only other person
in the universe we turned it on directly
around from where you are right now no
no that's just like so I can't see
what's on that wall nothing that in that
a door there what what's that door there
on the right this door yeah that's the
door I went to over the pool God all
right what's that glowing yeah what
everybody's that up there alright maybe
that's your objective are you [__]
kidding me and I missed that how could I
miss that no no you were up there oh
don't even [__] start with me oh man
I'm gonna punch someone in the face
probably gonna be me
[Music]
oh no it's super bomb bad races 2001 not
a good year for Star Wars it's gotten
bad in the name God no no look at
Georgia oh this is Ravi well they didn't
put qui-gon and the guys dead he said
I'm gonna charge on well whoever bought
them really oh yeah you're right you are
oh [__] oh god this controls horribly Oh
the turns are so tight oh no why did I
just crap out of Dimond and then the
camera change this is just the worst oh
my god is so hypersensitive these
weapons this is so [__] there's a
shape they don't even really make sense
alright I can make sense something at
least in Mario it's like Oh banana peel
I couldn't matter what that does but in
this it's like oh three triangles also
has my favorite Star Wars thing yeah he
doesn't know how to use the three
triangle
hello and welcome to the B movie game
here's a fun game you can play at home
every time Aaron and I say the word
b-movie go [__] yourself
[Laughter]
what is it what is this Cantonese this
is how you select the name perfect I
love it
[Laughter]
great my initials backwards far apart
from each other yeah of course I do
I sure as my name is a game trailer we
go alright well yeah okay make your way
to hone X well here I am I'm gonna get
some [__] honey bee bee why do I need
a car I can draw I can fly is this what
it looks like it's out of a beehive
maybe it's woody when he gets tired of
driving or really gets tired of flying
rather he drives wait what I look down
and now it's a new game
what's that right I don't know man I'm
just shooting these things is this like
really the game yeah I think so oh yeah
whatever it's like banjo kazooie but
[__] I where's it going right here what
a great game this is good
well DreamWorks came to me and was like
do you have an idea for a movie and I
said no that shitty big thing we've got
to kick it around and they were like
well we have ten million dollars to give
you and I was like well then I looked
outside and saw a big like and thought
about it oh god shake-shake-shake sonoda
think about it right she's just stung
him dude he had your butt give he'll die
wouldn't be statement yeah that's
details
Campbell and Barry be Benson dice is
somebody's favorite game and I think we
have to go next our game gross what is
happening everybody wave your
disembodied gloves dear citizens today
can I [__] finish the sentence you're
insignificant scum your kingdom of light
is nothing only you shall all be my
slaves and I shall reign over your world
ha ha
damn they really just don't [__] pull
oh god [__] I will come and get you out
to spread some water or vomit on the
ground wine it's a screen with the Wii
Remote and a hold down the B button well
hit look at your vial of vomit what what
the [__] he's just barfing he's barfing
a path this this is very weird [__] only
my body already did that like adjusted
it was like oh [__] yeah looks like I'm
dropping a deuce in the urinal poop that
gum no that's the thing
well I mean of course I can believe it
make a mess ok gamespot.com said fun for
kids while challenging enough for adults
you sure about that game step
she didn't maybe have like an 18,000
unit backlog on this game informer that
comes at dot dot dot undeniably fun to
play oh my god
I'm saying unless the dot-dot-dot is we
could never possibly say that this game
is undeniably fun
BB BB BB BB Saul about timing each
button is [__] jump oh you got it
okay
[Music]
that was her screaming it frays hey yeah
Shandra dobisch a half fully packed
house run run run run run
bee bee bee bee bee bee now we're here
glad they introduced us who's really
[__] up are you doing that again is
that the exact same result it is let's
try resins to it oh no Robert
it's very Fergus gurgles I'm sorry
you're just drinking at the wrong moment
[Laughter]
otherwise who's ready for some hot red
on red actually shows my joke you stole
no I'm just [__] you were gonna
forget it cuz I'm helping I did forget
it actually I forgot I joked was let
Holloway up and I don't know did it
choose yeah I'm sorry I was under the
impression that I'd be Mel Gibson but
apparently I'm a homeless guy with
a jacket that's too big Mel Gibson is my
favorite actor did you know that really
no [__] him if you have a chance to
change your feet
yeah would you change your feet to
wheels his name Kevin McCallister yeah I
don't think Mick is his middle name but
whatever does he does a set called um Oh
Mike what's his name would call the
Culkin's iPod like every week at a club
you like comes in and hooks up his iPod
nerdy party's fantastic so he is MC
coughs I'm all about it yeah this is
good
look it never mind about dad I'm Joe
Pesci who's the other guy I'm Daniel
Stern Bob Harvey that's him forget it
we're playing we're playing the feared
the plaza let's do it looking about long
what weight off [__] and oh God a big
pizza this muggy game throws you right
in the thick of it yeah the thick of
what what is this you know this is a
horrible noise Jesus Christ
captain Nolan hmm oh my god Nolan is an
insulin used to control blood sugar in
people with diabetes it comes in three
forms novel and our novel and N and
Captain no boys serious yeah this is an
anti diabetes game whoa captured mayor
Gooden of Pineville who has enough
diabetes supplies to last 48 hours
someone must save them from the world
and from these evil invaders this sounds
like a job for y'all is truly captain
over
SiC in there and he's like finally a
diabetes related crime are you [__]
serious
amen how's diabetes doing oh my god this
is a game this is a game before
breakfast
wait am I supposed to choose shoes I'm
okay I'm okay right now
okay okay how do i how do I go it's low
it's low you need to give it a lot you
just have to pick the right answer don't
forget to take the insulin dose i
prescribed you got it oh my god do you
have to stick yourself right now this is
weird
[Music]
bowl of cereal glass of milk baby oh my
god the hell alright did this time don't
[__] up dude did the world of diabetes
is what was relying on you Luke glucagon
makes you glucose breakfast really fast
wait what I'll tell you who it is was
that guy yeah that's it he looks really
smart yo know it update Wow creatures
led by mister the mayor who's them is he
also annoyed yeah I don't know it's that
John Mayer cuz that was not spelled the
correct way for a politician annoyed or
is he the noise also how fast do they
think we read that [__] just flew by
yeah especially for children who are
hopped up on Domino's Pizza yes for
anyone who doesn't know the noid was my
oh my god this is already terrible is
the whole world floating up and down I
might barf Oh God whole world is
floating something's [__] with me
like because like the front water it's
like totally sedentary yeah it's like
it's like a GoPro is mounted on the
water it's making me a little barfi like
when you watch like a slicker
[Music]
the area champion goes first what the
[__] is going on
okay how many pizzas do you uh three
what is happening well that didn't prove
much it's funny how the Domino's Pizza
they didn't even [__] like make it
Domino's this is pizza for how many
pizzas do you want it's just - Pete this
place this one I want bottle many pizzas
what the hell is [__] going on
yuck red pepper I can't eat that I'm so
confused right now how many pizzas do
you want Aaron three okay yum yum yum
boy that's delicious did I do it you
barely won that one
am i literally just like picking a
number that's higher than the other
number yeah I think that's what's
happening are you [__] serious with
you got it it's a counting game the area
champion goes first are you [__]
serious
Hey oh [__] you don't have more than
three double yeah three three times tail
check that [__] out yeah that's more huh
isn't that overdoing it there this is
the worst game ever been played by
humankind good day how many pizzas oh
[__] that's gonna be a draw I don't
waste my tooth
I guess I'll do it yeah god there's so
much strategy well that didn't prove
much she is games where I can't believe
this was [__] Yoshi adrift at sea for
like 32 inches face she's like a five
o'clock shadow like a light bulb II
Potato Head and why is the flag made out
of tinfoil she looks like Edward monks
The Scream with a dress welcome to
Mario's preschool adventures yeah
preschool party
my image tool works company are you
serious this wasn't a [__] Nintendo
or I you know what I can't believe it
myself
Moo if there's a dude I don't know why I
went straight to dude yeah I wonder if
there's a dude who loves like suckin on
floppy wieners there has to be it's like
you know like it never gets hard and
it's like oh oh oh yeah I [__] will
die
I love a [__] flaccid dick all around
my face I found the one which is hot is
there anything left me Mario yes math oh
thank God I'm assuming that's what this
it's never a good sign when I'm like oh
thank god math I don't know he'll bear
[Laughter]
soldiers kind of thought we'd go for the
eight colors there no it's fine we can
count to one one a little too skinny
Yoshi a little he'd definitely like
catch it from his grandma take we have
plenty of ganoush Yoshi you you speed
all my macaroni now you're not even
touching it no she's like I don't care
mom I'm gluten-free and extremely weak I
thought silly axe disease I don't it's
not see if I still do it celiac Cecilia
not silly actually you're silly the the
yellow mask represents move before we
started playing and the blue is after
Sesame Street count down [__]
starring Jerry Nelson as the count
is it really him yeah wow so they really
got him yeah
respect they paid him that that's sweet
fifty dollars they were like you're
Jerry you're gonna hop your run gonna
hop some more whoa
let's play the feud let's do like a much
more intense game than semi street
countdown they're big birds weren't a
bandana an eye patch I don't know what
the [__] I'm trying to do here I don't
either
oh okay okay all right I guess you want
to get the highest nothing I meant to do
something yeah all right yes yes 10 that
is 10 that's what the number is
whoa okay all right it's just oh oh do I
not
can i watch we're not the football oh
you want to get something that's ten oh
so you [__] up say you dumb you don't
know goddamn anything about numbers ah I
like to look up he's like oh [__] play
cool oh [__] play cool
oh my hometown ah I blend in with the
bushes
my dress
like you've eaten one-two-three
psychedelic mushrooms let's have another
number adventure okay what's your
favorite number
mine seven like answers one two three
four five six seven eight
not today Belle's try what are you
throwing a feast of bear everything I'm
throwing everything discussed am I
trying to kill this what is I
Oh God that is some [__] that's not
even nightmare fuel that's a nightmare
fuel to coup like for the nightmare bus
they drive off the nightmare
Oh God can we do anything about this
Jesus man boy it is so disturbing that
the head moves completely so it's ever
gut what what is the purpose of all of
these foods dude I'm having like a
silent nervous break let me go no no I'm
holding a tornado right now that being
said I'm cool with death now yeah just
because of this yeah well in general but
also certainly because of this wait what
are you getting existential on [__]
super troll adventure it just happened
one day I was like I think I'm okay with
this whole like life situation the fact
that it ends is what gives it value and
that's really beautiful yeah exactly I
agree with that and then also playing
this game made me happy to die
oh no droids oh my god destroy time so
it's terrible I'm gonna take out the
dress one by one one two three and then
for sued if we get I'm my goal is to get
through this entire thing without your
doing one Yoda um funny joke
well I can't even do that right now I my
voice is shot oh so well even if I
wanted to do uh even if I wanted to do
it yeah I wouldn't even be able to well
even if you know what what kind of what
kind of phone does what kind of phone
does Emperor Palpatine use look at what
kind of that Yoda in Android hey since
she's naked put something on it
on her boob also probably the bird
superimposed
yeah keep them there keep those birds
there yeah what the hell you talking
about it's the bird oh you are out of
control right now Boyce you found the
dead naked tree all right it's time to
tell you the truth about your mother he
has a lighter this is no smoking on it I
love it it's very symbolic dude maybe
it's just to light campfires Oh finally
after all this time not looking at the
road yeah I finally lived my dream of
crashing mm-hmm oh [__] this gun this
crash is taking a long time
it's slow fast motion dude yeah what is
this game trying to be I do not
understand I wish someone [__] waited
this sir mix-a-lot the video and was
like excuse me sir mix-a-lot its baby
has bad and and and by the way who is
this baby are you talking about a child
because that's gross [__] baby this is
so fun that's not gross so much fun sir
mix-a-lot it's a so fun game no really
yes it's a commonly mistaken ii thing
Thank You captain grammar I would love
to be [__] County grammar and just
like come in and like actually like
correct the thing that they say but then
[__] it up so much fun now if you'll
excuse me I away alright we're gonna do
it we go that uh yeah can you give us
some [__] amazing running music yeah
oh [__] right now so fired up God dang
that musics really getting me just
really getting me jazz only four lengths
of a football field to go you know super
jazzed right now
and I'm running I'm exhausted boy I
would donut with a lollipop stuffed in
it it takes like two seconds to get my
stamina bag yeah now I'm running for the
next book another was that another medal
that's all I care about anymore
give me the medals they're worth $30
Ceram please write a straight line this
is gonna take for [__] ever I'm just
looking for metals dude
I just want to be rewarded for my honor
of running around on a road my Medal of
Honor dude this is Emily what she gets a
lot of attention from me she gets total
attention not cool women they're crazy
right well I'm found game over
I said he's really good no I didn't
design the game lady Wow look at that
it's so beautiful beautiful other water
does that naturally she looks like
Claire Danes yeah don't want that he's
so dreamy when he talks to himself I'm
the bassist for the darkness take a
picture of the last phrase that's what
everyone calls me who's everyone yeah I
don't like the sand we all wear leather
chaps around the way you city folks are
walking around in your suit and tie
everyone here I recently killed some
zombies and found these
still think I'm crazy whoa cool you're
sure yeah you're weird chair and now
this is my rich grandfather who I will
inherit all of his money little man how
do you know he's old gas mask Gary I
wonder why they gave him that name guess
we'll never know
yeah seems not even Gary it's dead your
eyes focused on your footing as we she's
so dreamy
so says mr. Stewart Patrick Stewart or
didn't make it rhyme like that but
whatever
come on I've been watching a lot of
starch nextgen how did you the star
checks star checks it's the tastiest
kind of chex mix it stays desire country
ham mm-hmm mmm all those slices I carry
them around in addition my bag when I
have a moderate amount of hunger I like
to tear into a good old fashioned
country ham and entire ham that we don't
appreciate black coffee around she was a
fairy goddess I'm sure she is playing
with those animals even now but she's
dead she's dead you see dad don't you
get it kids like grab somebody don't you
get it when you die nothing god it's
just black really looking up for me oh
yeah oh I'm gonna get him no he's the
[__] killer
[Music]
dan dan sorry I blinked out of existence
for a second I'm back go hey hello
[__] doors hopefully more zombies
well thank my prayers were answered for
each hour through models raised even
like like Super Mario Brothers like a
game from 1986 had introduced more
enemies by this point in the game
why what are you talking about I think
my brain just roulette it just landed on
double zero you started laughing like
right after you said it why did I say
that all right [__] yeah oh the game
grumps are playing more deadly [__]
premonitions games saw it certainly
looks that way dick wow man [__]
episode 19 it suddenly like explodes out
of him over the [__] moon about this
game dude it sucks my ass open you must
be chair how is our continent continuity
are in a game you're not filming
anything you just change it you know
what uh-huh remember when we played
Chester cheetahs to fool the wall the
fool and like you floated into the sky
like two minutes in and never came down
yeah glitch I like that a lot more than
this kid attack attack this tree did I
get it yeah you knocked it down mr.
Stuart says I'm a farty stupid
so says mr. Stuart I'm extra gas
smack my bum bum says they should do it
[Laughter]
does everyone touch their head around
here did I start doing it I touch my
head - yeah Wow wouldn't use dropper
whoa sorry I didn't realize you were
there Fiona everybody touch their head
[Music]
what's gonna go back to my room and
squeeze one out maybe we could go back
to your place and you could knock my
junk around small Bell Billy Bob this is
what a smallmouth bass looks like I hate
this game noob never do I'm dog boy they
cook I was gonna save a puppy but hey
Polly try to kill us all barrel ah honey
I just couldn't get sleep and I can't
think of why [__] how do I get back
Jesus this [__] place is a goddamn
maze how the hell am I supposed to enjoy
art if I get other than that it's
impossible I've lost forever
that's me I hate those city stores you
can't find anything except for when
everything's labeled how to raise
vegetables to be able to easily make am
i hallucinating does it not say that up
in the corner
sure does dan I'm gonna get a car wash
too yeah
simonize that [__] thank you that's all
the water you need damn fifteen blocks
alright we've encountered this whole
game